[Autogenerated] one of the biggest challenges for websites and web
applications is latency latency is the time it takes for a user's
request to reach your web server.
This affects nearly anything a user will do on a website or web
application because most interaction involves a new web request.
Each request can be plagued by latency causing the user
experience on your application to appear slow.
Latency is such a big challenge because in many ways it is out of
the hands of the web application being requested,
improving your application performance using a larger instance.
None of these will solve latency.
There's only one solution for latency and that's moving your
users and web servers closer together.
You probably don't have the budget to fly your users closer to your web servers.
So the solution then will be to situate web servers closer to your users.
We've looked at a few different ways to geo locate your resources
such as S three buckets and Ec two instances.
But those services aren't intended to solve latency,
that's why AWS has created cloudfront a global content
delivery network that is specifically designed to combat
latency between your content and users.
Cloudfront works by edging content to locations around the world that are
closer to your users request to your application will automatically route to
the cloudfront edge location nearest to the requester,
ensuring lightning fast delivery of your content.
Cloudfront integrates seamlessly with other services on AWS
such as S3 Ec two and load balancers.
Cloudfront can edge content called objects from these sources,
meaning the requests are resolved by cloudfront instead of requesting
the content from your S three bucket or application,
Cloudfront can also act as a go between for dynamic content from your ec.
Two instance,
reducing the latency from the user to the cloudfront edge location and then
passing on the request to your application via an optimized,
constantly monitored connection.
A set of content.
Edge with cloudfront is called a distribution.
A cloudfront distribution is given its own URL on the cloudfront dot net domain,
which you can use in DNS rules with your own domain.
Each distribution provides content from one or more
origins like S three buckets, ec two instances or load balancers.
A distribution has different behaviors dictating how it will.
Edge content.
You can specify a URL path to create different behaviors for
different directories or types of content.
For instance,
you could edge an image folder with images that will
likely not change for a long time,
very aggressively setting a high minimum time to live by
tweaking time to live and the different behaviors.
You can find distribution settings that reduce latency and improve the user experience